fix(docs): fix some typos (#1759)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/production/init-containers.md

### Network calls to outside of the mesh

> The common pitfall is the idea that it's possible to order init containers so that the mesh init container is running after other init containers.

Reviewer: I think the old version is correct but I'm not a native speaker.

Author: Yeah, the old version is correct. It's a passive pattern.

Reviewer 2: `is running` is easier to understand IMO

Reviewer 3: How about just:

> The common pitfall is the idea that it's possible to order init containers so that the mesh init container runs after other init containers.

I asked the copywriter sat next to me 😆 and that was the suggestion

However, when injecting these init containers into a Pod via webhooks, such as the Vault init container, there is no assurance of the order.

> The ordering of init containers also doesn't provide a solution when the Kuma CNI is used, as traffic redirection to the sidecar occurs even before any init container runs.

Reviewer: If you really want to put the product name there you should you `{{ site.mesh_product_name }}` so when it's included in [kong-mesh docs](https://docs.konghq.com/mesh/latest/) it's rendered correctly:

```suggestion
The ordering of init containers also doesn't provide a solution when the {{ site.mesh_product_name }} CNI is used, as traffic redirection to the sidecar occurs even before any init container runs.
```

Author: Got it, thank you
